What's that?
Oh. thank you so much
for noticing.
Stop it.
Anyone ever tell you you have
such beautiful skin?
I just want to move your...
is this okay?
Just move your hair
just out of your face
just a little bit. There.
What...
You wanna...
We can't do that.
-We can't do that here...
-who are you talking to?
Nobody.
All right. well...
How's it going?
Great. Um...
Just having a little
trouble with this arm.
All better.
Fuck.
Oh. hey. can we get
some more chairs?
It's gonna be a big group.
Yeah. sure. Uh...
See. it's sort of
a double celebration.
I got some really
good news today.
and it's my birthday. so...
Oh. okay.
So do you guys do.
like. little cakes?
Yeah. I don't know.
Let me check the kitchen.
Do you need it now?
No. later.
I'll cue you.
Okay.
Well. fuck him and his...
Yeah. I gotta go.
-Hey.
-There you are.
Um. I was afraid
you were gonna be late.
Everyone else is on their way.
Uh. I gotta take off soon.
Claire's got me
on lockdown tonight.
Her parents are in town.
They wanna see the baby.
She's gonna be the bitch about
our family dinner. so...
Heard about the account.
Fuckin' a.
Right?
Moving on up.
Yeah. Yeah.
I'm excited. but...
I was really hoping
you'd be able to stay.
I know. I would love
nothing more than a beer
with you. You know that.
I have to. uh.
take a rain check.
But it's kind of
a double celebration today.
It's my birthday.
Yeah. I know.
It's the... it's 15th.
and it's...
-The day that you...
-it's the 13th.
13th. I should get you a drink.
Is this paid for?
-Yeah. I got it. I...
-Okay.
Maybe I can slip away tonight.
take one of those midnight jogs.
stop by your place.
I'll wear that pink thing.
Ooh.
And if you're good.
maybe I'll let you
open that present.
Hey. baby.
In the car.
Absolutely.
You're the boss.
Is that Jen?
Jennifer Parker.
Oh. shit.
How are you doing?
Jerry?
Garrett.
Right. Right.
Of course.
Um. yeah. I'm...
Doing well. Yeah.
How about yourself?
Really good. Really good.
Thank you.
Living downtown now.
Just finished up my classes.
I went here about
my residency. you know.
Do you live down here too?
No. No. Palisades.
Just bought a condo.
It's perfect.
Close to work.
Hey. if you're here
on your own.
you're welcome to come
and join us over there.
No. no. no. Sorry.
I'm just waiting
for a few people.
Cool. Well. tell you what.
why don't you give me
a call some time.
It'd be great just to hang out.
Have you got my new number?
Yes. I sure do.
-Okay.
Bye.
Hey. There you are.
Sorry we're late.
The traffic was cray cray.
All right. Well. that's why
i suggested leaving early.
Yeah.
But anyway. uh.
thanks for coming.
I really just
got here myself. so...
How's it going? I'm Garrett.
Just an old
acquaintance of mine
from college.
He was just dropping by.
So. how great was
that conference call?
That is when I thought that
we better shift to Houston
instead of Denver
to re-synergize orders
in the midwest.
which is why we are now.
the proud partners
of their entire
western us business.
-Wow.
-Isn't that incredible?
-Mm-hm.
-Mm.
Uh. we better get going.
Early morning.
-Yeah. we better go.
-Just one more drink.
I mean. I'm really sorry.
But thanks for
putting all this together.
Great. Yeah. no.
Of course.
-I'm pretty beat as well.
-It's a P.M. thing.
Right. Long weekend. Um...
I'll see you guys Monday.
-Great.
-Great. Bye.
Do you want me
to sing or something?
Today's modern woman
expects to see
in the mirror
what she feels like
on the inside.
We are dedicated to
building a better you.
So come on by.
I hate this feeling.
Skin crawling. bad breath.
Thirsty.
Hard to breathe.
Feeling
puffy and gross.
Where am I?
Arms heavy.
splitting headache.
I am so hungover.
What happened last night?
I hate waking up
at a strange place.
Okay.
I was at the bar.
and I went home.
Right?
I can't remember.
Oh. god. here it comes.
Mm.
It's never been
this bad before.
It's gonna be a long day.
Don't feel like myself.
Where's my cell?
Okay. new rule.
No more crashing in
strangers' basements.
I can't see anything.
Where is everyone?
Whoa...
My ears won't stop ringing.
What a way
to start 25.
I can't
fucking see anything.
Maybe I'll see when
I put my contacts in...
Need to splash
some water on my face.
Find my purse.
check in with work...
My sweats...
Do a marathon of CSI...
Wear my dress.
go home. check on my dog...
And then I'm gonna
find out what the fuck
happened last night.
What the fuck is this?
Just talking...
...go home...
Get out
of my head.
Knock it off.  knock it off.
I'm just imagining this.
Who's there?
Someone please help.
-  Hello?
- I'm not sick.
I'm not sick. I'm not sick.
Who said that?
How should I know?
Tell me
what's happening.
Where are we?
Whoa...
I'm Jennifer.
Who else is here?
Oh. hi. is it my turn?
I'm Ellie.
Madeleine. I'm Madeleine.
Okay. is that...
That everybody?
-I wanna wake up now.
-Where are we?
I wanna move.
Why can't I move?
Same reason
the rest of us can't.
We're inside the same body.
Like multiple personalities?
No. idiot.
You're attached to me.
This is my body. I...
See. I can move my hand.
Wait. The foot.
I'm moving it.
Will you two kindly shut up
and let me take control?
-  Why do you
get to drive?
Because I'm in charge.
-  Like hell you are.
- Back off.
Hey. wait. guys.  stop fighting. okay?
You're pulling us apart.
I think I just
heard something.
You think?
Or you did?
-  Shh. quiet.
- Oh. god!
Whoever did this to us
is still here.
Hey. we need to go now.
Don't panic.
I don't wanna die.
Okay. we just need
some more time to figure out
how this thing works. Agreed?
On the count of three.
One...
Two...
Three.
What the hell is that?
Some kind of...
Owl-cat?
Aw. is it weird
that I want one?
-  Someone's coming.
This is
absolutely disgusting.
It's totally unsanitary.
You're not supposed to
be eating down here.
I have
low blood sugar.
You don't have low blood sugar.
you just love sugar. All right?
...Come on.
Look at that.
Do you see that?
About half the filling
they used to have. man.
No corn syrup.
That's bullshit.
It was different
when we were kids.
This is what's wrong
with America.
Say whatever the fuck
you want about Reagan.
things were different then.
It's not what's wrong
with America. man. Okay?
I don't need to look
inside your fucking donut.
Gimme a hand with this shit.
I just got these!
Just got those. huh? Man.
you have to go to bross again.
Fuck.
Go. get a mop.
You see that?
See what?
All right. man.
why'd you do that?
I hate myself.
All right. fair.
Hmm.
-What are you doing?
-Dude.
What are you doing?
I saw something.
Not getting weird.
What the hell was that?
What's that? Shit.
Uh. one of the bodies is out.
One of the bodies.
Hang on. She's over here.
Wait. Wait. Stop.
OMG.
Did I just kill someone?
We just killed someone.
Time for
a group hug. Let's go.
The hell are you doing?
Go!
You okay?
No. I mean. fuck.
just drive!
Miss?
Hey. you okay?
You're not gonna puke
on my seats. are you?
Do you need to go
to a hospital?
The doctor?
Where do you wanna go?
You don't have money
to pay for this. do you?
Fucking junkie!
What are we doing here?
This is my place.
It's safe.
We just need
some time to think.
How is this safe?
There is a giant bloodstain
on the floor.
We need to go
to the hospital.
No. No. no. no.
Whoever did this to us
is gonna be looking there.
We can go to the cops.
A scarred-up woman
with no ID. claiming to be
three different people.
They'll lock us up.
We'll just explain it like
really super carefully.
I'm so sick of
the sound of your voice.
Well. at least
I'm trying to help.
What did I just say?
Guys. there's no use fighting.
There's literally nowhere
we can go.
Shit.
-Good as new.
-That's not normal.
Why doesn't this
hurt at all?
Maybe our nerve endings
are shot.
What the hell
are you doing?
We can't feel anything.
Okay. One...
Two...
Guys.
Don't you think we're
just getting a little bit
off-track here?
Never wanna have any fun.
Come on. Just one hand.
Ugh. Focus. What is
the last thing that
you guys remember?
It's all a bit blurry.
I mean. I was
hanging out with friends.
and I was at some bar...
-Vick's.
-I was there too.
So was I.
These guys invited me
to come hang out at their...
Frat house.
It was lame. I don't know.
It was like all so fuzzy
after that.
Okay. well. I came back here
and I was waiting for a friend
and then someone hit me
and I blacked out.
I just remember there was...
This light on my face.
and they grabbed me.
Next thing I know.
i woke up with you two.
Okay. Okay. so whatever
sick son of a bitch did this.
must have been at that bar.
Okay. so he like.
followed us.
and then took us...
-Where?
-Downtown.
-Right?
-Great.
So we don't actually
remember anything.
This is a waste of time.
I have to make a call.
You can't just take us
somewhere without asking.
I've had it up to here
with you.
What are you doing?
I'm calling my boyfriend.
Looking like that?
Shit.
-Jen?
-Hey. uh...
Just. um. calling to check in.
What's wrong with your voice?
I have a cold.
What the fuck. four days
you don't show up for work.
you don't text or anything?
You know how pissed
the clients are?
Um. look. Dan.
this is really important.
-Do you remember anything...
-no. okay. listen. all right?
I... I don't wanna do this
right now. but we're done.
Um...
I'm sorry. Are you...
Are you firing me
or breaking up with me?
Yeah. look. I got
a family to think about.
A family?
You fucking douchebag!
Shut up! Sorry.
No. that... that...
That wasn't me.
-Um...
-What do you mean.
that wasn't you?
How about we call your wife
and we tell her how many beads
you like to put up your ass?
Oh. no. no. no. no.
No. Dan. sorry.
Um. I didn't mean that.
- I really would love
to work this...
Out.
Well. thanks for that. guys.
Anyone else have
loved ones that they would
like to reach out to?
Please. you don't love him.
What. of course
I... what do you...
How do you know that?
I don't know.
Yeah. I think we can share
some feelings and thoughts.
What am I thinking
right now?
-Peanut butter.
Yeah! That's amazing.
It works!
So. we can read our minds.
Whatever. Who cares.
We need a plan.
Well. we can go back
to my place.
We can test this stuff out.
and figure out
our next move.
Guys. we need a doctor.
Jerry. Fucking Jerry.
-Who?
-Garrett.
He was at the bar.
he's a med student...
Oh. I would not
put this past him.
Well. maybe he can fix this.
Like. change us back.
What are we waiting for?
Let's go.
No. he could be dangerous.
Well. we can't stay here.
They could come back
looking for us.
Well...
We need to figure
this out together.
We could go to my place.
I mean. there's peanut butter.
And we can get
a hat or something.
Okay. fine.
All I have
is suit jackets anyway.
Should we vote?
Okay. all in favor
of this plan. say "aye."
-Ooh. Aye.
-Aye.
Shh!
My room mate's sleeping.
You have a room mate?
Ooh.
Oh. it's gonna take
a hell lot of cover-up
if we wanna
hide these scars.
-I used to be pretty.
-Don't say that.
We're beautiful.
Well. I think some
new clothing might be in order.
Oh. yeah. I can totally
throw something together.
What size are we?
A two. a four. a ten?
All my stuff is zero.
Ugh. Of course. it is.
Maybe something forgiving.
Hey. you know. it doesn't
have to be all gloomy.
Yeah. it's like
playing dress-up.
I don't... I don't
really dance.
Your parents didn't ever
sign you up for like.
ballet. or jazz. or anything?
I did piano
and synchronized swimming.
That's like dancing!
I did piano too.
And I also did tap.
I did jazz.
i did hip-hop.
I did ballet.
I did gymnastics.
Oh. and I did cheer.
What about you?
Um. I did field hockey
in high school.
We won state.
And then. uh. taekwondo.
But I quit once I got
my black belt.
That's cool.
I can make tiramisu.
I can juggle.
I. uh.
i do my own taxes.
Yeah. I need
to do those. I knit.
I can hold my breath
for a really long time.
I don't know who my dad is.
I've ridden a horse.
I was valedictorian.
You know. guys don't mind
giving me money sometimes.
Just take some photos.
Oh. my god. I...
Actually can hula hoop
surprisingly well.
- Really?
-Prove it.
I'll say.
I have three email accounts.
My favorite color
is sparkly.
What's your favorite color?
-Um. green.
-Isn't it brown?
Funny.
Wow. that's really good.
Yeah. I don't know what
she's doing in there. Listen.
I know. It's so weird.
I live with a crazy person.
I really think I should
get my own place.
I will. I just have
really bad credit.
No. Like. really bad credit.
No. worth like. a 2.
That is possible.
I checked.
And also. she keeps eating
all of my garlic hummus.
Um. do you guys think
we have time to accessorize?
We should wear hats.
Yeah. I knit a bunch.
Hi!
Hey...
Make it cooler.
What's up?
...Will you
hurry up. please?
Just a minute!
Oops. My bad.
What's up! Hey.
- Great song.
- -Thank you.
Watch where
you're fucking going.
Sorry. I didn't mean to...
Not use the term
"project" right now.
It's too limiting.
Myself and the other creators.
we started calling it a "gift."
You are so right.
That's revolutionary.
- So...
-that sounds great.
What are you guys
talking about?
-Just art.
-I love art!
I took
art history last year.
I got a b in everything.
So do you guys
go to lau?
I'm sorry. Who are you?
Ellie.
And you're Peter. right?
-I think we met before.
-Right.
-Lily.
-Ellie.
I remember you as
a "Lily" for some reason.
You look like a "Lily."
Thanks.
Yeah. I. uh. work with Teddy.
over from...
flanigan's. That's right.
I love that guy.
Guys. this guy
makes the best quinoa salad.
Yeah! That's him.
Hey. guys. let's make
some room for Teddy's friend.
-Lily.
-Ellie.
Fuck. That's right.
I'm sorry. Shelly.
Ellie.
So like I was saying.
a collective can't
really be experienced
by other people.
It's more of an aberration
of consciousness.
You know?
So what kind of art
do you make?
I'm not really into
the term "make" right now.
It's too capitalist.
Well. um. I would love
to see what you... do.
I'd love for you to
experience it sometime.
It'd be a real treat.
For you.
This is boring.
Let's go to Zac's
house party.
I need to arrive and leave
before someone gets there.
Who's the bar star?
She's Teddy's friend.
She's cool.
Lily.
Mm-hmm.
Anyone for shots?
Whoo!
Does anybody wanna
come with me to the bathroom?
Going to the bathroom.
Anyone wanna come with me?
-We're good.
-Thanks.
Miss. you've got
a tab to pay.
Um. what?
Is there a problem?
It's...
It's all right. Freddy.
She's with us.
Hey. you look like
you could use a drink.
Uh. me and my brothers were
going back to the house.
Maybe you wanna come?
It'd be a fun time.
It's so sweet that you're
so close with your family.
We are. Yeah.
Inseparable. you know.
Yeah. let's do it.
Let's go.
...Ooh. watch yourself.
I'll call the uber.
My underwear's sparkly.
I know.
Wait.
What? What's wrong?
Who's that?
What?
That's just Dave.
Oh.
Okay.
Wait.
Who's that?
That's Doug.
That's the other Doug.
I don't think that
this is such a good idea.
Why not?
We're just hanging out.
Four. five good buddies.
camera...
It's just that it's
a little crowded.
It's weird. I just...
Thought you said you liked me.
I don't think
i said that.
You don't like him?
-He's a good guy.
-A really good guy.
Yeah.
I'm such a great guy. and...
I'm pretty tired.
Over it.
Let's go.
Ugh.
Hey.
Hey...
Wait!
Hey. Yo. can i
get a ride to Tennessee?
A minute.
I... take anything.
Just take it all.
Why were you
at vick's bar.
answer the truth.
-What?
-I mean. answer...
Answer the question!
I don't know.
It's closer to school. and
it's got happy hour. and...
Look. my wallet's
on that table. Just go
and take the wallet.
Oh. we're not
robbing you. Jerry.
Jerry... no. it's Garrett.
Are you Jen?
Shit. He knows you.
Stay in character.
Keep pressure on
the base of his skull.
Jen. you haven't
said anything for a while.
Jen. are you all right?
Why are you dressed
like a stripogram?
Can you just turn around?
For a second.
Can you just close your eyes?
Sure. I can... yeah.
Okay. Just...
Promise.
Promise us that you're
not gonna freak out.
Okay.
Okay...
Open your eyes.
So. Jen...
What happened?
I don't know.
Do you remember anything?
We were at a bar. yeah.
That's when we woke up.
When we saw you
at vick's. right. and then. um.
yeah. we woke up at
an operating table
in a warehouse...
Who did this to you?
Duh. That's what we're
trying to figure out.
Of course.
So. what do you mean "we"?
Three of us.
What do you mean
the three of you?
Who else is in there?
Jennifer. Ellie. Madeleine.
God. why can't
this guy keep up?
I thought you said
he was a doctor.
I did. Well. maybe
he's just a little bit slow.
I'm still at medical school.
But I obviously skipped
the class of the whole
reanimated beings.
Are you okay in there?
Do we really look...
That bad?
No. no. no.
No. no. you look great.
Um. it's just...
It's incredible that
you're still alive. you know?
Now. you're gonna
help fix it. Yeah.
Of course you are.
you're gonna change us back.
Please. As soon
as possible. Yes.
Look. Jennifer...
And company...
I don't think
that's realistic.
What do you mean?
What are you talking about?
Guys. I'm really sorry.
but I don't think
that's possible.
To be perfectly
honest with you.
it doesn't make
any medical or
scientific sense
that you're even alive.
There has to be something
you can do.
I'm really sorry.
but I don't think there is.
Given the massive tissue loss.
and the fact that
this is fuckin' impossible.
I'm sorry but I think
you're stuck like this.
Hey. wait. Don't go.
Don't go. Come on.
I really wanna help you here.
Why don't we go
to a hospital
where I can
get a second opinion?
Yes. I'll get the check then.
shall I?
Women.
I gotta go.
No.
- Hey. baby.
What the fuck!
I didn't know
we had it in us!
Me either.
That's so great.
I feel like we
could do anything.
Well. maybe together.
we can find a way
to fix us.
Aw. Garrett was trying.
Oh. please.
he's an idiot.
-Yeah. Useless.
-I thought he was cute.
In a useless idiot
kind of way.
Okay. well. there... there has
to be something. right?
There isn't. Remember.
he said we're lucky to
even still be alive.
Does it mean we're
trapped like this? Because
we can't even walk straight.
-We need help.
-Well. we have help though.
We have each other.
Yeah. and we can get stronger.
-Find who did this.
-Trap them. dominate them.
-Make them pay.
-Cut out their hearts.
Feast on their flesh!
What?
Jesus. Ellie.
What? I thought that's
where we were going
with... no?
Okay.
All in favor of finding
the motherfucker who did this.
and cutting his
goddamn heart out.
say "aye."
Aye.
Yeah.
That's a good one.
Seriously.
It's okay. I guess.
Come on. don't be
so hard on yourself.
Maybe you just need
to loosen up a little bit.
Can I buy you a drink?
Two tom Blakes. good sir.
Whatever you say. tom.
They named a drink after me.
Really? Which one?
The tom Blake.
Oh! Right.
Sorry. Yeah.
Of course.
Maybe I look
a little bit familiar.
You have cable?
I don't really watch TV.
See me on a billboard?
I don't look up that much.
Internet meme?
Maybe. Yeah.
I'm the lead of
the Thomas Blake adventures.
It's a TV show.
I'm tom Blake.
Uh... oh...
Okay. that's great!
Sorry. I...
I didn't know
celebrities came in here.
Yeah.
I'm down-to-earth like that.
Do you mind if...
Oh. yeah. yeah. sure.
Get in here.
Aw. geez. god.
See. I just wish
my face was...
Like. up. or something.
I think you're perfect
just the way you are.
You do?
Sure.
I love your hands.
Oh. These?
Yeah. I started off
as a hand model.
My agent said I could have
been the Burt Reynolds
of the hand world.
It's amazing.
-Can I touch them?
-Whoa!
Hands off the merchandise.
I'm just...
I'm just kidding.
It's a little industry joke.
Yeah. sure.
knock yourself out.
Oh...
Wow.
Your fingers are
so strong and so smooth...
Okay.
See. everybody has...
That one feature that's perfect.
that's special.
Still trying to figure out
what mine is.
You're kinda freaky.
Do you wanna
get out of here?
Hell. yeah. Mm-hm.
Okay.
Do you need to pay or...
No. it'll be fine.
Hello?
Hi.
Yeah. that sounds great.
Well. I have some ideas
about what I might want.
Well. I think you know
why you're different.
Oh. I have to check
on my dog.
Yeah.
No. he'll be fine.
Well. the song sounds great.
Whoa. Hold up.
I need to talk to someone.
Not gonna happen.
Back in the line.
Hope to be the architect
that builds
the metaphysical lung pocket
that wakes them up.
And I also think...
That this objective truth
that we live in.
and this...
- holy fuck!
Hold on a second.
I'm trying to tell you
something important here.
I...
This objective truth
that we live in.
it doesn't come
from the brain.
It comes from the heart.
Ever had a thought
so profound. it was like you
never were even thinking them?
In a world more metaphysical
than anything else...
last Friday.
was he with you all night?
I don't think
this is such a good idea.
Hey. hey. hey. Look...
I'm a really good guy.
He's a really good guy.
We gotta live
while we're young. you know.
take advantage
of these moments.
Carpe diem. you know.
cash up. this is the time.
-I guess so.
-Yeah.
Yo. what's up?
What happened to your face?
I like your hair.
Are you here for the conference?
I'm really sorry.
Fuck. there's no fuglies.
No solicitors.
Really? Like...
whoa. Hey. listen up...
what is wrong with you?
What was that?
Ah. it's nothing. baby.
Let's get comfy.
No. no. no. no!
See? I told you.
It's nothing.
Dude. bro. go check it out.
I checked it out last time.
Crazy stuff always be
happening at the frat.
Dude?
Bro?
-I should probably go...
-shh!
You go.
Dude. we gotta
get out of here.
We gotta bail.
Dude!
Go home!
What is...
You did this to us.
But I've never
seen you before.
You picked up a girl
the other night.
Ellie.
Look. I... I got a lot
of irons in the fire. baby.
You fuckin' franken-bitch!
You brought us back here.
and then you murdered us.
I would never do that!
I'm a good guy!
- Yeah?
A really good guy?
Oh. my god.
Oh. my god. I swear.
Look. look. I don't know.
That girl was so hammered.
she got in a Van or something.
Whose Van was it?
Some fuckin'
med student's. I don't know.
-It was just so fuckin'...
-you're lying!
-I'm not lying!
-How many others
have you killed?
I didn't. I swear. I did not.
Say it.
I love you.
What... what do you
want me to say?
Say you're sorry!
Oh. I'm sorry!
I'm so fuckin' sorry.
Are you kidding? I...
Please. I swear to you.
i will never do this again.
-Yeah.
We know you won't.
Oh. baby. Come on.
God. I cannot believe
we just did that!
It was amazing!
It just felt so right.
Who knew killings could
be such a rush!
Ah. Ellie.
you with that fighting!
Oh. no. my gosh. Madeleine.
when she was
i was like.
Oh. my god. you guys.
We're getting blood
all over the seats.
I just got this thing cleaned.
Snap. Um. maybe
we should...
Get back to the apartment.
'cause this could be bad.
I mean. we can always
get revenge later.
Guys. Guys. guys. guys.
Look.
That Van's been
following us all night.
Just ignore it. We should
go back to the apartment
and fix ourselves up.
Not yet.
See?
Grab your extra sauce.
The whole sandwich
just becomes wet.
The thing's crappy...
It's a chicken sandwich.
Okay? The sauces
ain't matter. man.
It's just fucking mayonnaise.
Should've been better. man.
Putting rubbish into me.
You don't need to go
on and on about it. okay?
I get it.
It's a chicken sa...
yeah. it's tasty.
I'm enjoying it.
-Okay.
-That's all I wanted.
Okay. then let's just...
Was it that hard?
Well. I don't need to have
a 20-minute conver...
there's a sweet soul in there!
Let him out!
It's delicious.
And the sauce is good?
What's that?
What the hell?
Uh. looks like
she's in bed. man.
Yeah. Circle around
one more time.
Will! Will!
Hey. hey. hey!
Hey. put that down.
Put that down. Hey.
Let's talk. okay?
You did this to us!
No. No. We're just
doing our job.
We're just observing.
No one is here to hurt you.
Stay down. pretty freak.
Wait! Wait!
Wait!
Just a minute.
-Oh. shit. what happened to you?
-Long story.
Oh. no. I need to have
a look at this. Okay?
I'll be very gentle.
-Sorry.
-It's fine. It's fine.
Uh. hold this
right there. okay?
I'll be right back.
La...
This might hurt
a little. okay?
Do you have anything
to drink?
I don't usually drink
while I do this.
so it may scar a little.
But I don't think
anyone's going to notice.
So are you gonna tell me
what happened?
Oh...
I just asked a few people
a few questions about
who did this to us.
That's all.
Okay.
Well. it's my medical opinion
you should probably not ask
anyone any more questions.
at least till these things
heal over.
Is he
trying to get us drunk?
It's gotten
straight to her head.
What? You guys
don't like wine?
Cool place you have here.
Thanks. Decorated it myself.
Well. thanks for being
like. so sweet
and taking really
good care of us.
You're welcome.
-  Aw. come on.
- What?
He's sweet. right?
I think
at least one of us
is a light-weight.
Now you seem really set
on this whole rampage thing.
but just I think you should
just chill out on that one.
I just don't want to
see you get hurt.
Aw!
Well.
he is kinda cute.
Ladies.
we don't wanna do this.
Look at his apartment.
it's like my 14-year-old
cousin lives here.
You know what?
You've got a really
beautiful eye.
I mean. "eyes."
They're both really nice.
Very... very different
from each other.
They're very... very unique.
Very beautiful.
Very beautifully unique.
Thanks.
-  All in favor.  say "aye.
- " - Aye.
Ugh. Whatever.
Are you ready?
I'm really fine
with just cuddling.
I don't think so.
Yes. Oh. yes!
Bite my fingers.
Ow. Ow.
We needed that.
Yeah. Not...
Not a problem.
Are you...
Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm...
We're fine.
This unprovoked assault
led to several casualties
and a survivor
is feeling violated.
This girl came in.
and messed up every
single one of our bros.
and...And also hurt people.
There's not much in here.
just many notes and...
And receipts from
chick-fil-a.
What does
she look like?
U h. she's got
something on her face.
like a... like a scar...
It might be a dead-end.
Well. there has to
be something.
No. No. there's nothing.
Have you lost
everyone closest to you
in your life?
Yeah. we lost
a lot of good guys today.
Uh. Cody. Toby.
Jody. uh. Brody...
Brad and Brad.
Lost both brads yesterday.
A lot of good guys.
Police are
warning the public
to watch out for a woman
between five and
six-and-a-half feet.
with some scarring on her face.
wearing a blue jacket.
-What are you doing?
-It's for the best.
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
it's for the best.
Look. you can't keep doing
what you did last night.
It's not healthy.
They could still be
looking for us.
The police too.
-It's safer if you stay here...
-No!
You can't change
what's happened to you.
Why is it so important?
You lied to us.
No. I tried
to protect you.
We can take care
of ourselves.
Fine. then I'm
coming with you.
This is bullshit.
by the way.
This is us...
Protecting you.
Thanks.
We'll see you again soon.
Look. it doesn't matter
who did this to you.
This is who you are now.
Guys. maybe he's right.
We could stay here
with Garrett.
I thought
finding who did this
would give us some closure
but killing more people
won't get us anywhere.
The psycho
responsible for this
isn't going to stop.
You saw the guys with the Van.
More will follow.
After this. everything
will be perfect. You'll see.
So. are you staying?
Wait here.
We'll be back soon.
Yes?
Uh. yeah.
Uh. she's wearing. like
a skirt and a blouse.
Like black slipper-type shoes.
She's like a 7 or an 8.
What does that even...
Oh. hell.
Like peaches. I think.
I think. Like a peach.
Peach-ish.
I like it.
I don't know if the...
I don't know.
You decide. I don't... okay.
Hi.
The surgeon will see you now.
So. uh. Madeleine. um...
What makes you interested
in my procedure?
Well. I guess I've just
always felt that I was...
Lacking...
In some way.
Like I was incomplete.
A work in progress.
Hold that thought.
Just one second.
You just can never
be too careful.
Where were we?
Uh. well. I guess I'm just
interested in the usual stuff.
Uh. perkier breasts.
longer legs...
I guess my ass could be
worked on a little bit.
and I think I was
short-changed with my eyes.
and I really don't
like my fingernails...
Or my ears and I really
don't like my face.
We could fix all that
right up for you.
Um. is there
a hair preference. or...
blond.
Brunette.
Sometimes doesn't help
to be too choosy.
Um. I read earlier that
you have a history
of mental illness.
I'm not sick.
I know. I know. It's okay.
I mean. if we cut
everyone who wasn't
quite right in the noggin.
we'd never have
one of these. um...
Any allergies. sensitivity
to drugs.
or a next of kin you would
like to notify in case of
a medical emergency?
Great. This is all pretty
boiler plate stuff.
I'm sure you'll...
Take a look at it
at your leisure.
Let's take a tour. shall we?
I'd love that.
This is where
the magic happens.
Now. you understand
this is a little different
than my other
more commercial career.
But I want you to appreciate
procedures like this
are my passion.
What's
your success rate?
I don't like to keep score.
I know I've learned
a lot about what not to do.
Funny thing about arteries.
super glue. moisture. decay...
I've seen enough.
When do we start?
Really?
Uh. great. You sure
this is what you want?
'Cause for legal reasons.
i mean. I need you to sign that.
Of course.
I'm going to be perfect.
That's a fat one.
All these bodies are
guaranteed usable.
Most of them are under 50.
most non-smoker and
meth-free-ish.
Also. non-hormonal
and 100% organic.
Just a little black-market
surgery humor there.
So. do you. uh.
wanna take your pick?
What's your policy
on supplying your own?
-The hell?
-You just hit somebody.
There's number one.
I swear I hooked up
with this chick...
-You always say...
-no. she's like.
went to ntr.
She's in the champions.
I know this girl.
-Hurry up.
-Okay.
I got this.
Where'd she get a bat?
These are great.
They're so... fresh.
Ah...
So impressive. you guys.
Where did they come from?
Hmm...
Regardless.
she's got a good eye.
and you...
Got a good personality.
So. here's what I'm thinking.
Oh. baby.
come to daddy.
We can cut right here...
Now I have to ask you
if you're absolutely
100% positive
you wanna go through with this?
Well. I was...
shh...
Sleepy baby.
Aw...
Come on.
Come on!
Humpty dumpty sat on a wall.
humpty dumpty had a great fall.
All the king's horses
and all the king's men.
couldn't put humpty
together again.
Hello.
Ah. hey. it's you.
You're back. Oh...
Wow. you look awesome.
This is so great.
Aw. man. what happened
to your hair?
It was so good before.
with the brown.
and the yellow...
shut up!
You'll pay for
what you did to us.
Whoa!
Wait. You said "us"?
You... you're three
fuckin' people?
That is so cool!
Full exposure.
This has. like. never
actually worked before.
So I am just over the moon
right now. Whoa!
Yes! I knew I could do it.
I could do it.
In your fucking face...
shut up!
Why did you do this...
To us?
What do you mean?
The procedure
was a complete success.
Although you did send
some mixed messages
by killing my employees.
Okay. I get it.
you're a little confused.
Probably because of the whole
three brain thing.
Whoa! Madeleine!
Why are you so upset?
This is exactly
what you wanted.
You are perfect.
Except for the hair.
But we will work on that.
What are you doing?
We need him.
The operation is incomplete.
What's he talking
about. Madeleine?
Well...
I didn't want for it
to come out like this. but...
Surprise.
Are you okay?
I mean. you look great.
but I can't really read you
with the whole... face thing.
You murdered us?
And you used our bodies
for spare parts?
No...
I chose you.
Apart. we were flawed.
Together we are almost perfect.
I liked my life.
Jennifer.
What kind of friends
ditch you on your birthday?
And Ellie. did you really
wanna be a bar star
for the rest of your life?
-We killed so many people!
-I know.
Wasn't it amazing?
And that was just a test run.
Now you're part of me.
Or. I'm part of you.
I don't wanna be a part of you.
You sick fuck.
What do you mean?
I don't ever.
wanna like...
Hang out with you anymore.
Well then.
I'll just have to make
a few alterations.
Nip here.
a tuck there.
couple of lobotomies
to calm you down.
And then. we'll be perfect.
Like hell we will.
No. don't do that.
Guys! Can we just get along?
That's okay. I probably have
a spare one of those
in the dumpster.
Admit it. You need me.
I'll never.
Oh!
I can fix that.
I can probably fix that.
What are you doing?
Don't drink that.
Sweetheart. don't drink that.
I don't know
what I put in there.
Stay out of this. Ellie!
No! I don't wanna live
like this anymore.
No!
Oh. fuck it.
Rise.
Rise. my beauty.
Meet your new mother.
I'm not gonna
let you down. Mr. president.
Like a hot knife
through butter.
Mm-hm.
Get on with it.
Fuck you! Can we think
about this?
Don't worry. Madeleine.
your argument
will be over soon.
You're gonna need
to let it go.
Shut up!
Can you get away from us?
Can I let you in
on a little secret?
I love all my beauties equally.
But you're definitely
my favorite.
Unfortunately...
I have to take you apart
to see how you work.
What? What? What?
Sorry. Madeleine.
You're the prototype.
the secret to perfection.
After this.
I'm gonna make dozens.
hundreds more.
And you've shown me the way.
Fresh meat.
Just so you know.
this is gonna break my heart.
as much as it breaks yours.
Just a little bit closer.
Well. son of a bitch.
Get started. But no eating.
Hi.
Hello.
-How are you?
-I am good.
Good.
-How are you?
-I'm good. mate. Thank you.
-Excellent.
-Anyhow. don't know
if you can help me or not.
I'm looking for a girl
who's about that big.
Got some things on her face.
Um. Nobody like that here.
One sec. one sec.
What do you guys do here?
Just. you know.
your basic. um...
-Medical supply company.
-Really?
Oh wicked. Can I have a look?
I've just graduated
-from med school. so...
-Well. it's uh... we're closed.
-So we cannot...
-yeah...
Okay. So. um.
-you're a doctor.
-I am. yeah.
What are you?
Are you like a...
A dentist or something?
No.
This seemed
so legitimate.
Happy now?
Come on.
If we  don't work together.  we won't survive.
We can fight it out later.
But for now.
we have to move.
How... how big is this place?
Fast.
Cool. So what's the...
what's the ground rent
on this place like?
We don't call it
ground rent here.
We call it. um.
just regular rent.
All right. so the hipsters
moving in and making it
trendy. right?
-Mm-hm.
-Yeah. yeah. yeah. You know...
One. two. three.
Well. then. you said you had
a medical supplier closet.
Could I check it out?
It's. um. it's in the back.
That's fine if I'm walking.
The thing about it is.
if I'm just gonna be
really honest with you.
Sure.
I'm worried about
your family...
What... they're in england.
No. that's fine.
No one's... no one's
gonna miss me at all.
Why. it's almost
bed time there now. so...
-Totally different time zone.
-Yeah. exactly.
about eight hours.
Um. girlfriend? Boyfriend?
I don't judge. so. maybe both.
- Just... yeah.
-I'm just single. that's all.
-Okay. Well then.
right this way.
Cool.
-So no one to
miss you then. huh?
-No. no.
So. no.
All right then.
Heavy bastard.
Come on.
I can't wait to take
the spine out of you.
You know. make a short person
very tall.
I am gonna chop you up
into tiny little pieces.
then I'll feed you
to the goldfish.
Of course. there's Louie.
He's particular
to brain stems.
Garrett.
Oh. hello.
Whoa. whoa. Wh... wh...
What did you do?
What did you...
What's... what's...
What's with all the blood?
You monster!
You dick!
Garrett. hold on.
Th...
-This. uh...
-What? This what?
This really wasn't worth it.
...Shh.
Don't talk.
No.
We need him to make us perfect.
We don't need to be perfect.
And we don't need you.
All in favor of killing
this bitch.
-say "aye."
-Aye.
Nay. Nay! Nay! Nay!
Nay!
So sick.
I love you.
Oh. hell.
I was hoping
it wouldn't come to this.
Release the owl-cat.
Fly. Archimedes.
Fly!
Fuck!
Go ahead then.
Do it.
I always dreamed
i would die at the hands
of one of my creations.
I only regret that
there wasn't more time
to catalog my tales of woe.
And tell you how I became
the mad genius you now see.
Shut up.
We need you for something.
You've got work to do.
Mm-hm.